Update pension_scheme.md (#482)
madetech/handbook: benefits/pension_scheme.md

As your employer we will contribute towards your pension alongside your own contribution. 

> From April 2019 the minimum amount that you pay into your pension is **5%** and we pay **3%**—a total minimum contribution equivalent to **8%** of your salary.The way our pensions was setup a few years ago means that the 3% pensions is based on qualifying earnings of £50k.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From April 2019 the minimum amount that you pay into your pension is **5%** and we pay **3%**—a total minimum contribution equivalent to **8%** of your [qualitifying earnings](qualifying-earnings-band--upper-limit). The way our pensions was setup a few years ago means that the 3% pensions is based on qualifying earnings of £50k.
```

It's not 8% of the salary, it's 8% of the upper limit of the qualifying earnings band.

Reviewer: I think it would be beneficial to the employee if a few typical scenarios can be written out. Perhaps with expected pension contributions at various salary bands across the company, showing the working.
